stats:
  hp - hitpoints
  ascii - ascii character
  ph. attack - physical attack power
  ph. def - physical defense
  m. attack - magick attack
  m. def - magick defense
  penetration - reduce enemy defense. ie for guns or arty
  aoe - aoe level for ranged attacks
  attacks - number of attacks. big monster dude gets more
  morale - save vs morale damage
  moralepool - contribution to the morale pool
  size - size of the creature, determines max melee parings
Flags:
  melee - good at melee
    melee combat is half str if no this flag
  range - can do range
  healer - heals troops for m. attack


  each soldier has hp, attack, defense, and number of attacks
  each archer also has ranged attack
  mages have ranged, do magick damage
  arty is ranged, damage penetration, aoe
  info for each type of soldier is in a json or smth

armies are made up of regiments
regiments are made up of lines
lines are made up of soldiers.

only the front line of the front regiment can engage in melee combat
each soldier gets an action. this can be a spell, ranged attack, or melee combat
actions happen simultaneously for each line in order from the front.

In melee, the front lines do combat. Each soldier is paired to another soldier(s), in proportion to the relative size of the lines.
  The max soldiers per soldier is 3 times the outnumberd soldier's size.

In ranged, the attack is made on a random soldier in a random line. Front lines are more likely to be targeted.

Each death requires adjacent soldiers to make a morale save, if failed that will decrement the total moralepool. at 0, the regiment will get a malus. at -50%, they flee

A soldier dying will reduce the morale pool by the proportion that they contribute to the max. This means that the moralepool is expected to go below zero as soldiers die, and would approach zero if all morale checks are made



There are a number of user actions to do during the simulation.
User actions:
  go forward n steps
  kill n soldiers in a regiment
    asks for line, or is random
  force ranged
  add/minus to morale
  change numer of lines in regiment
  kill specific soldiers
  add specific soldiers
  list troops ( maybe get some cool ascii?)
  one turn advantage
  reposition regiments
  special attack (one regiment vs another)
